I'm in the English countryside near Canterbury,
and this is a railroad crossing.
Nothing extraordinary, except that,
that this crossing is controlled by pedestrians.
And these are relatively few and far apart.
This little red and green light tells you when it's safe to pass.
When it's safe, you have to climb out of the car,
which you came here,
and self-propelled lifting barriers.
I'm aware of how this movement looks like (͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °)
And this is not unusual in itself,
crossings like this are in different regions of England,
in the valleys of Wales, on smaller lines, but what
maybe you do not know that this is not a provincial rail route.
It is a high-speed railroad that runs the Javelin trains from London to Ramsgate.
Those driving at 225 km / h.
And, yeah, right here does not go 255,
driving at 64 km / h, maximum 80 km / h,
but everything that prevents me from blocking this route,
or even worse, to be hit by a train, is - well, - this crossing,
and this little lever down here that launches
barriers and allows safe passage for trains.
This is a user-
which is something you may not have known.
[Subtitles: AK]